Configure GitHub webhook by CLI (#579)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/cli.md

### Repository creation

`tkn pac repo create` -- will create a new Pipelines as Code Repository, a namespace where the pipelineruns command and configure webhook. It will also generate a sample file with a [PipelineRun](/docs/guide/authoringprs) in the `.tekton` directory called `pipelinerun.yaml` targeting the `main` branch and the `pull_request` and `push` events. You can customize this by editing the [PipelineRun](/docs/guide/authoringprs) to target a different branch or event.

> After creating repository, it will ask you if you want to configure Webhook if none of the providers are yet configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't configured a provider previously, it will follow up with questions if you want to configure a webhook for your provider of choice. 
```
